Allow indexing deleted packages (#6591)
ckan/ckan: doc/maintaining/configuration.rst

The option defines the timeout in seconds until giving up on a request. Raising this value might help you if you encounter a timeout exception.

ckan.search.remove_deleted_packages
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Example::

 ckan.search.remove_deleted_packages = true

Default value: |config:ckan.search.remove_deleted_packages|

> Removes deleted datasets from search index (default behaviour).  
> If `False`, you can use `include_deleted` in `package_search` 
> and deleted packages will be visible in the packages list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, deleted datasets are removed from the search index so are no longer available in searches. To keep them in the search index, set this setting to ``False``. This will enable the  ``include_deleted`` parameter in the  :py:func:`ckan.logic.action.get.package_search` API action.
```
